N30-Flesh (#916)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/030/index.md

## Game Updates

### Flesh

![flesh preview](flesh.gif)
_the second level's background + new enemy_

[Flesh] by [@im_oab] is a 2D-horizontal shmup game with hand-drawn animation and
an organic/fleshy theme. It is implemented using [Tetra]. This month's updates
include:

> - The completed level of the first level include mid-boss and the boss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The completed level of the first level includes a mid-boss and the boss.
```
